There are times when the night sky glows with bands of color. The bands may begin as cloud shapes and then spread into a great arc across the entire sky. They may fall in folds like a curtain drawn across the heavens. The lights usually grow brighter, then suddenly dim. During this time the sky glows with pale yellow, pink, green, violet, blue, and red. These lights are called the Aurora Borealis. Some people call them the Northern Lights. Scientists have been watching them for hundreds of years. They are not quite sure what causes them. In ancient times people were afraid of the Lights. They imagined that they saw fiery dragons in the sky. Some even concluded that the heavens were on fire.


The movie, Hidden Figures (2016), not only serves as an item of good entertainment, but is also admirable in depicting the scientific changes in the USA in the 1960s, the social life issues of that era, and differences that existed in the country, especially among African-Americans. The movie centers around the lives of three women: Katherine Johnson, who is recreated by movie star Taraji P. Henson; Mary Jackson, who is played by Janelle Monáe; and finally, Dorothy Vaughan, as the mathematician portrayed by Octavia Spencer. Essentially, all three women of African-American backgrounds, they play vital roles in society through their contributions while working at NASA towards the successful launch of a spaceship into orbit.

I felt like Frozen was a mixed bag: not as bad as I feared it would be, but not as fun to watch as Tangled or as subversive as Brave. The songs aren't good enough to stick in your head and the characters aren't good enough to be iconic, but Frozen is pleasant enough. May it have a long life on ABC Family, clogging up your weekend TV holiday schedule for years to come.' Frozen' feels like it's breaking new ground in telling a story where the women are actually in control, and where the cliches of their narratives are turned inside out, almost as a sly commentary on what has come before. The computer animation of the characters is expressive and detailed (we even notice the freckles on the shoulder of the heroine) while the film-makers work wonders with glacial landscapes in a land of "eternal winter." Chris Buck and Jennifer Lee's extremely loose adaptation of Hans Christian Andersen's The Snow Queen strives to put a post-feminist spin on an archetypal Disney princess fantasy, with mixed success. While trying to please everyone, Disney speaks to the lowest common denominator instead of setting itself apart. It's genuinely a delightful experience; full of memorable songs and fun moments & lots of dry humour. Frozen has all the elements of classic Disney. The story occasionally transforms around the musical numbers, but they're of notably momentous design. It is one of 2013's most immersive and enjoyable animated features. Frozen in parts was entertaining and fine as a feature film but its not consistent enough to grab my attention for long periods of time.

The centre filed a petition in the Supreme Court to review the order, after the six people, including a woman, were released last week from prison in Tamil Nadu, where their three-decade incarceration has been a hugely emotive and political issue. The centre has contended that the release of the convicts was cleared without it being given an adequate hearing which has led to an "admitted and glaring breach of principles of natural justice and has, in fact, resulted into miscarriage of justice". "In such a sensitive matter, the assistance of Union of India was of paramount importance as the matter has huge repercussions on the public order, peace, tranquillity and criminal justice system of the country," the government said. The government also said that given four of the six convicts were Sri Lankan and convicted of being terrorists "for the gruesome offence of assassinating the former Prime Minister of the country", granting them remission was "a matter which has international ramifications and therefore falls squarely within the sovereign powers of the Union of India." Rajiv Gandhi was killed by a suicide bomber while campaigning for an election on behalf of the Congress party in Tamil Nadu's Sriperumbudur in May 1991. Seven people were sentenced to life in the case. The court said its decision was based on the prisoners' good behaviour and the release in May of AG Perarivalan, another person convicted in the case, saying that he was 19 years old at the time of arrest and had been jailed for more than 30 years, with 29 of those in solitary confinement. Disagreeing with its former chief Sonia Gandhi, Rajiv Gandhi's widow whose support had led to the death sentence of four convicts being commuted, the Congress sharply criticised the judgement. "The decision of the Supreme Court to free the remaining killers of former PM Rajiv Gandhi is totally unacceptable and completely erroneous," the party said. The decision, however, was welcomed by many in Tamil Nadu - including its ruling DMK party - who viewed the sentencing of the convicts as unfair and that the locals implicated in the case had become part of the plot without knowing its extent. Rajiv Gandhi's killing was seen as an act of retaliation after he sent Indian peacekeepers to Sri Lanka in 1987, only to withdraw them after losing more than 1,200 men in battle and facing allegations of human rights violations in the island nation.